# **FINTECH NETCENTS CASE STUDY REPORT** 

## **Introduction**

* The world is constantly changing, and it appears that some cycles in the disruption, adaptation, and expansion processes that human beings go through leave a higher imprint in our memories, experiences, and therefore the ways we act in response to those changes get a hard look, we ask the hard questions, we conduct research studies to bring about the data that can be used to answer questions to disruption in cycles that "We used to know", and we can either willingly make a choice to reinvent ourselves, and choose to participate of the process of change, adaptation, and learning that the unknown may bring about, and with that opportunities, as well as setbacks. The alternative is to be surprised by the changing event, and not be an active participant of the change suddenly imposed on us. No time to prepare, and no time to plan, we are only left with the choice to carry about what the new cycle will bring about. 

* I wanted to begin this case study report with these introductory lines that describes what the world of FINTECH is all about: CHANGE. In my introduction, I talked about cycles that we go through that have forever changed our patterns, vision, and therefore destiny (in the grand scheme of things). From the discovery of fire and the rise of men in the Stone ages, the rise of the human existence in the steel ages, the first technological innovations across history and their evolution to what the world in 2023 is all about have occurred in slow, but disruptive, and one thing have been proven throughout these years :"We never go back to what he used to know"

* Iam really happy to write about a company in this case study report that I came across almost by accident. I had began learning to trade some cryptocurrencies when the economy disrupted dramatically, and changed our lives in all its dimensions: Covid 2020. At the time like many people, I was eager to want to learn a new skill, something I could do online, something that I could work on to bring myself some passive income. A friend of mine told me about a trading course lead by some experienced old school traders that had been trading stocks since the 80's, as well as a merchant account provider whom became really wealthy offering merchant accounts, and payment processing services to business with visa, and mastercard. By the end of 2021, the trading academy teamed up with a company that had "whitelabeled" their platform to them to offer customers, and businesses payment processing services to begin accepting cryptocurrencies as payment. The "whitelabeled" platform had changed names. But I went deeper down the rabbit hole about the original company. To my surprise, it was a Canadian Company based in Vancouver, British Columbia. The name of the Company: NETCENTS inc. a Canadian fintech company that offers a range of payment processing solutions to merchants,partners, and users through an entire cryptocurrency ecosystem with full payment integration, with the option of instant settlements, and security while giving users access to over 40 million merchants worldwide. 



## 
